droid-jhove-datetests/README.md, before:

#DROID, JHOVE, NLNZ Metadata Extractor Test Collection
##By Somaya Langley

The one-liner for these files is that I made them (in my own time) back in 
2006 to test DROID, Jhove and the NLNZ Metadata Extractor. 

The results of these tests were also used to inform the APSR (research and 
report) APSR = Australian Partnership for Sustainable Repositories

###Format MimeType Breakdown, identified by DROID:

      application/rtf, text/rtf (41)	   application/xml, text/xml (13)
      application/zip (13)	               application/vnd.ms-excel (7)
      image/jpeg (6)	                     image/tiff (4)
      text/html (4)	                     application/pdf (3)
      image/gif (3)	                     multipart/appledouble (3)
      application/mp4, video/mp4 (2)	   application/octet-stream (2)
      application/vnd.rn-realmedia (2)	   audio/x-wav (2)
      video/mpeg (2)	                     video/quicktime (2)
      application/msword (1)	            application/postscript (1)
      application/x-shockwave-flash (1)	audio/mpeg (1)
      audio/ogg (1)	                     image/bmp (1)
      image/png (1)	                     image/svg+xml (1)
      image/vnd.adobe.photoshop (1)	      image/x-pict (1)
      video/x-ms-wmv (1)	               video/x-msvideo (1)
   
###Unidentified File Extensions:

      .txt (21)	.asc (1))	.csv (1)

Commit message:

[documentation] Rationale for maintaining inside zip files.

droid-jhove-datetests/README.md, after:

#DROID, JHOVE, NLNZ Metadata Extractor Test Collection
##By Somaya Langley

The one-liner for these files is that I made them (in my own time) back in 
2006 to test DROID, Jhove and the NLNZ Metadata Extractor. 

The results of these tests were also used to inform the APSR (research and 
report) APSR = Australian Partnership for Sustainable Repositories

In this version of the repository files are maintained in ZIP containers
to enable testing datetime capabilities in preservation workflows.

###Format MimeType Breakdown, identified by DROID:

      application/rtf, text/rtf (41)	   application/xml, text/xml (13)
      application/zip (13)	               application/vnd.ms-excel (7)
      image/jpeg (6)	                     image/tiff (4)
      text/html (4)	                     application/pdf (3)
      image/gif (3)	                     multipart/appledouble (3)
      application/mp4, video/mp4 (2)	   application/octet-stream (2)
      application/vnd.rn-realmedia (2)	   audio/x-wav (2)
      video/mpeg (2)	                     video/quicktime (2)
      application/msword (1)	            application/postscript (1)
      application/x-shockwave-flash (1)	audio/mpeg (1)
      audio/ogg (1)	                     image/bmp (1)
      image/png (1)	                     image/svg+xml (1)
      image/vnd.adobe.photoshop (1)	      image/x-pict (1)
      video/x-ms-wmv (1)	               video/x-msvideo (1)
   
###Unidentified File Extensions:

      .txt (21)	.asc (1))	.csv (1)
